                       The fbithesis package

                  ($Date: 2003/01/08 14:29:25 $)

                 Copyright (C) 2002 2003 Andre Dierker

Purpose:
  This is a LaTeX2e package providing a new document-class tuned for
  research reports or internal reports like master/phd-theses at the
  University of Dortmund.

  At the department of computer science at the University of Dortmund
  there are cardboard cover pages for internal reports like
  master/phd-theses.  The main function of the LaTeX2e document-class
  provided by this package is a replacement for the \maketitle command
  to typeset a title page that is adjusted to these cover pages.

Files:
  fbithesis.dtx       Docstrip archive
                        To generate the documentation, run this
                        through LaTeX.
  fbithesis.dtx.asc   Signature file
                        To verify the docstrip archive, run e.g.
                        gpg --verify fbithesis.dtx.asc

Generated File:
  fbithesis.ins  Batch file, run through LaTeX
                   The file will be generated if you run
                   fbithesis.dtx through LaTeX.
  fbithesis.drv  Driver for documentation
                   The file will be generated from fbithesis.ins
                   To generate customized documentation, edit this
                   file and run it through LaTeX.
  fbithesis.cls  LaTeX package.
                   It will be generated, if you run fbithesis.ins
                   through LaTeX.
  fbithesis.cfg  Configuration file.
                   It will be generated, if you run fbithesis.ins
                   through LaTeX.
  fbithesis.dvi  Package documentation, will be generated from
                   fbithesis.drv
  example.tex    Example file which demonstrates the possibilities of
                   this package.  It will be generated, if you run
                   fbithesis.ins through LaTeX.
  00readme.txt   This file.  It will be generated if you run
                   fbithesis.dtx through LaTeX.

Installation:

  LaTeX fbithesis.dtx   Creates docstrip installation file
                          fbithesis.ins and this file
  (La)TeX fbithesis.ins Creates class file fbithesis.cls, example
                          file example.tex and documentation driver
                          fbithesis.drv

  Docstrip options available:
    package - to produce a (LaTeX2e) class file (.cls)
    driver  - to produce a driver file to print the documentation
    example - to produce an example file, which demonstrates the
               possibilities of the package

  Move fbithesis.cls into a directory searched by LaTeX.
  LaTeX fbithesis.dtx   Creates the (LaTeX2e) documentation.

    optionally:
  Edit fbithesis.drv    and customize the documentation to your wishes.
  LaTeX fbithesis.drv   Generates customized documentation.
                          Depending on your customization you will
                          have to run
                          makeindex fbithesis.idx -s gind.ist -o fbithesis.ind
                          and/or
                          makeindex fbithesis.glo -s gglo.ist -o fbithesis.gls
  LaTeX example.tex     Demonstrates the possibilities of this
                          package.

Contact:
  E-Mail:    dierker@ls7.cs.uni-dortmund.de
  Address:   Andre Dierker, Informatik VII, Universit\"at Dortmund,
               D-44221 Dortmund, Germany

Legal stuff:
  00readme.txt, the ReadMe file for the fbithesis package
  Copyright (C) 2002 2003  Andre Dierker

  This file is part of the fbithesis package.
  -------------------------------------------

  There is no warranty for the fbithesis package.  I provide the
  program `as is', without warranty of any kind, either expressed or
  implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
  merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire
  risk as to the quality and performance of the program is with you.
  Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of all
  necessary servicing, repair, or correction.

  This program may be distributed and/or modified under the
  conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.2
  of this license or (at your option) any later version.

  The latest version of this license is in
    http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
  and version 1.2 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
  version 1999/12/01 or later.

  This is a generated file.  It may not be distributed without the
  original source file fbithesis.dtx.

  This program consists of the files fbithesis.dtx and
  fbithesis.dtx.asc.

  Files generated by means of unpacking this program using the
  docstrip program may be distributed at the distributor's
  discretion.  However if they are distributed then a copy of
  this program must be distributed together with them.
