             THE TEUBNER PACKAGE VERSION 3.0 OF APRIL 2010
                 EXTENSION FOR PHILOLOGICAL TYPESETTING


Copyright  2001-2004-2010 Claudio Beccari

The programs contained in this bundle can be  distributed and/or modified
under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL),  version 1.3c 
dated 2008-05-04 or later as it appears in 
                     CTAN/macros/latex/base/lppl.tex.


This bundle contains the following files

teubner.txt          this file
teubner.dtx          documented TeX file
teubner.ins          installation file
teubner-doc.pdf      documentation file

File teubner-doc.pdf  is the documentation file  that  shows what can be 
done with this extension package and displays several examples.
Version 3.x of the teubner package contains many new enhancements, among 
which  it's worth  noting  the new  extended  accent macros  (that avoid 
kerning  problems that show up using the ligature mechanism) and the new 
macros  that allow  to use  the LGR encoded CBgreek fonts in conjunction 
with other PostScript scalable fonts;  the compatibility  with the Times 
eXtended  and  the  Palatino  eXtended  fonts,  accessible  through  the 
packages  txfonts and pxfonts,  are already built in;  the compatibility 
with  the Latin  Modern  fonts was already available with version 2.x of 
the teubner package.

In  order  to  use  this  extension  package  with  LaTeX  you  have  to
install  it.  May be the  very installation of your  (recent) TeX system 
distribution  already  provided  for  it;  may  be  your  TeX  system is 
configured  to load  missing  packages  on the fly.  In any case you can 
check and possibly run your Package Manager (with MiKTeX follow the path 
Programs|MiKTeX Settings|Packages;   with TeXlive and MacTeX   (if their 
installation  configuration was not the default one,  that is a complete
installation) run tlmgr).  If you feel more comfortable to do everything 
by yourself and/or want to make a personal installation, run teubner.ins
through  LaTeX;  the  generated  files are  teubner.sty  and LGRaccents-
glyphs.def; they must be moved where TeX-the-program can find them. This 
depends very much on your particular  implementation  of the TeX system, 
but if your system copes with the standard TeX directory  structure  and   
with a multiplicity of different root directory structures, you probably   
have a localtexmf root, or a /texmmf in your Home directory containing a 
TeX directory which on turn contains a latex directory. Under the latter  
one create a new directory named, say, teubner and move there teubner.sty 
and LGRaccents-glyphs.def.

I suggest you to create  a  directory  teubner  in  the doc directory of
the locally rooted structure  and move there  both teubner-doc.pdf   and
teubner.pdf  that you  get  by running pdflatex directly on teubner.dtx.

For what concerns fonts,  they should already be installed with a recent 
TeX system distribution; this means that there are already all the files 
TeX-the-program needs in order to do its work; there is one point, though, 
that requires full attention;  the default  installation  loads only the 
PostScript  fonts in size 10pt;  all other  sizes  are are  obtained  by 
reducing or enlarging  that single size.  The teubner package copes with 
this situation if you specify the "10pt" option when calling this package, 
but if you want to have perfect optical sizes,  then you should download 
from  CTAN  the full  collection  and install it in your  computer.  The 
details  for this installation  require you read  with due attention the 
instructions  that  come  with  your  TeX system distribution;  it's not 
difficult,  but it requires to be very careful at every step.  Remember,  
though, that your Package Manager can do all the work for you.

It's important  to control that you have the latest CBgreek fonts;  even  
if you got them pre-installed with  your TeX system distribution, may be  
they  are  not  the latest  version. The full collection has been redone 
in the year 2007; the reduced collection is a subset of the full one. 
Earlier distributions, dated at least 2002, might be compatible;  if you 
get something strange is happening with the CBgreek fonts, verify if your 
fonts are up to date.

Another question you might ask yourself:  is my TeX system complete  and
up to date? The fact you installed a TeX system and you did not have the
CB fonts may be an index that you still have the babel package locked at
a  version  number  earlier than 3.7. I suggest you to upgrade  your TeX
system to the most up to date one you can find on CTAN.

Connected to this point there is the question of the updated metric files 
related  to the Lipsian  fonts; if your TeX system distribution has been 
updated  to what  is available  on CTAN  by May 2010,  your distribution 
already  contains the updated tfm files.  Otherwise, please, update your
CBgreek fonts.

After all these steps are done,  you  are  ready  to  use  your  teubner
extensions;  it will not be  easy at the beginning,  because  there  are 
hundreds  of new commands.  Be sure to have already thoroughly read  the 
documentation file teubner-doc.pdf and that you have the hard copy close 
to you. 

Remember,  though,  that most commands  are Latin names or abbreviations 
that  should  be familiar  to any philologist  specialized in classical/
ancient European languages, such as classical Greek, Latin, et cetera.

This set of extension  commands  has been tested  in several  documents;
nevertheless I prepared them as a hobby, trying to help a friend philolo-
gist. I hope this package may be useful also to you, but I must disclaim 
any liability for any unwanted results you might get, including the worst  
possible things that may happen to anybody using a computer.  

I will not write down any strong disclaimer sentence in capital letters,  
because it should be absolutely evident that I did something  I consider
useful,  but is up to you  to decide to use it and face the consequences
(... which nevertheless I hope they are what you expected).

If you find this package of some utility and you find some errors and/or    
some glitches,  please write me by e-mail (see below).  If you'd like me 
to realize some other commands,  please send me  by e-mail  your request  
together with a scanned image containing the visual result you'd like to 
obtain. I don't guarantee I'll be able to satisfy your request, but I'll 
give it a try.  In any case  don't ask for things LaTeX can't do; and if 
you use LaTeX, you know what are its pros and cons.

Happy philological LaTeXing!

Claudio Beccari                                  Turin, 20 of June 2010
Former Professor of Electronics
Politecnico di Torino, Italy
claudio dot beccari at gmail dot com

