


ORDERREFS(1L)                                       ORDERREFS(1L)


NAME
       orderrefs  -  order  the references in a LaTeX document in
       order of citation

SYNOPSIS
       orderrefs [options] [file]

DESCRIPTION
       Orderrefs rearranges the bibitems in a LaTeX file  in  the
       order in which they are cited.

       It determines the order of citations from the aux file, so
       as to be immune from the many possibilities of  the  \cite
       commands being redefined by macro packages.  Therefore you
       should run latex on the LaTeX file before  running  order-
       refs,  in  order to ensure that the aux file exists and is
       up-to-date.   Uncited  bibitems  and  bibitems   with   an
       explicit label are kept in the order they are in the orig-
       inal file, after the list of ordered bibitems.

       If the bibitems are correctly ordered, no change  is  made
       to  the files.  If they need to be reordered, the original
       LaTeX file is replaced by a file with the  reordered  bib-
       items,  and  a  backup  copy is made of the original LaTeX
       file, in a file with the same name as the LaTeX file,  but
       with .bak added.

       The  bibitems  are identified as being in a LaTeX environ-
       ment with a name that, by default,  is  "thebibliography".
       In the LaTeX file, it is assumed that the \begin{thebibli-
       ography}, the \end{thebibliography}, and the \bibitem com-
       mands all start a line preceeded at most by white space.


ORDERREFS OPTIONS AND ARGUMENTS
       file   At most one file can be specified.  If no files are
              specified, orderrefs will print a brief  help  mes-
              sage.

              If  a  file is specified without an extension, then
              the ".tex" extension is automatically  added,  just
              as LaTeX does.  (e.g.  If you specify:

                   orderrefs foo

              then  orderrefs will operate on the file "foo.tex".

       -b name
              synonym for --bibname=name

       --bibname=name
              specifies name of LaTeX environment containing  the
              bibliography.  (Default: "thebibliography".)




                           2 June 2004                          1





ORDERREFS(1L)                                       ORDERREFS(1L)


       -a file
              synonym for --auxfile=file

       --auxfile=file
              specifies  name  of  .aux  file.   (Default is con-
              structed from name of  LaTeX  file  with  extension
              .aux.)

       -h, --help
              Print help information.

       -v, --version
              Show version information

EXAMPLES
       To  reorder the citations in the file thesis.tex first run
       latex on it:

              latex thesis

       then orderrefs:

              orderrefs thesis

       If the bibliography is in a file refs.tex which  is  input
       from the main file thesis.tex then you should do

              latex thesis

              orderrefs --auxfile=thesis.aux refs



AVAILABILITY
       See the home page at

                   http://www.phys.psu.edu/~collins/soft-
              ware/orderrefs/



SEE ALSO
       latex(1).

BUGS
       None known.

IDENTIFICATION
       Current   version    by   John   Collins    (collins    at
       phys.psu.edu).  (Version 1.00).







                           2 June 2004                          2


